Implement (#1)
scalar-labs/scalardl-node-client-sdk: README.md

## Scalar DL Node Client SDK

> This is a library for Node.js applications by which the applications can interact with [Scalar DL](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl) network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a library for Node.js applications by which the applications can interact with a [Scalar DL](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl) network.
```

## Install

> We can use any NPM package managers to install this library. For example, install with NPM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use any NPM package manager to install this library. For example, to install with NPM:
```

```
npm install @scalar-labs/scalardl-node-client-sdk
```

## HOWTO

### Create ClientService instance

`ClientService` class is the main class of this package.
It provides following functions to request Scalar DL network.

|Name|use|
|----|---|

> |registerCertificate|To register a client's certificate to a Scalar DL network|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|registerCertificate|To register a client's certificate on a Scalar DL network|
```

> |registerContract|To register the contracts to the registered client of the Scalar DL network|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|registerContract|To register a contract (of a registered client) on the Scalar DL network|
```

> |listContracts|To list all registered contracts of the client|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|listContracts|To list the client's registered contracts|
```

> |executeContract|To execute a registered contract of the client|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|executeContract|To execute a client's registered contract|
```

> |validateLedger|To validate an asset of the Scalar DL network to determine if it is tampered|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|validateLedger|To validate an asset on the Scalar DL network to determine if it has been tampered|
```

Use the code snippet below to create a ClientService instance.

```
const { ClientService } = require('@scalar-labs/scalardl-web-client-sdk');
const clientService = new ClientService(clientProperties);
```

> The argument `clientProperties` object is mandatory for the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `clientProperties` argument is mandatory for the constructor.
```

> This is an properties example that a user `foo@example.com` tries to connect to the server `scalardl.example.com:50051` of the Scalar DL network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a properties example that a user `foo@example.com` would use to try to connect to the server `scalardl.example.com:50051` of the Scalar DL network.
```

```
{
    'scalar.ledger.client.server_host': 'scalardl.example.com',
    'scalar.ledger.client.server_port': 50051,
    'scalar.ledger.client.cert_holder_id': 'foo@example.com',
    'scalar.ledger.client.private_key_pem': "-----BEGIN EC PRIVATE KEY-----\nMHc...",
    'scalar.ledger.client.cert_pem': "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\nMIICjTCCAj...n",
    'scalar.ledger.client.cert_version': 1,
    'scalar.ledger.client.tls.enabled': false,
    'scalar.ledger.client.tls.ca_root_cert': '// not used here',
}
```

### Register the certificate

> When you have a clientService instance.

Reviewer: I think this line should be deleted here and moved up. So something like:

> In what follows assume that we have a `clientService` instance.
> 
> ### Register the certificate
> 
> ...

Author: Updated

> Use the registerCertificate function to register your certificate on the Scalar DL network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `registerCertificate` function to register a certificate on the Scalar DL network.
```

```
const response = await clientService.registerCertificate();
const status = response.getStatus();
const message = response.getMessage();
```
Please refer to the [Status code](#status-code) section below for the details of status.

### Register contracts

> You can use registerContract function to register contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `registerContract` function to register a contract.
```

```
const response = await clientService.registerContract('contractId', 'com.example.contract.contractName', contractUint8Array, propertiesObject);
const status = response.getStatus();
const message = response.getMessage();
```

### List registered contracts

> Use listContracts function to list all registered contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `listContracts` function to list all the registered contracts.
```

```
const response = await clientService.listContracts();
const message = response.getMessage();
const contracts = JSON.parse(message);
```

### Execute a contract

> Use executeContract function to execute a registered contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `executeContract` function to execute a registered contract.
```

```
const response = await clientService.executeContract('contractId', argumentObject);
const status = response.getStatus();
const result = JSON.parse(response.getResult());
```

### Validate an asset

> Use validateLedger function to validate an asset in the Scalar DL network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `validateLedger` function to validate an asset in the Scalar DL network.
```

```
const response = await clientService.validateLedger('assetId');
const status = response.getStatus();
const message = response.getMessage();
```

> ### Status code

Reviewer: Status code should have its own section I guess.

```suggestion
## Status code
```

> Enumeration `StatusCode` enumerate all possible status in a Scalar DL response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enumeration `StatusCode` enumerates all the possible status of a Scalar DL response.
```
